feat!: split network step (#735)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 3-networks-hub-and-spoke/README.md

## Prerequisites

1. 0-bootstrap executed successfully.
1. 1-org executed successfully.
1. 2-environments executed successfully.
1. Obtain the value for the access_context_manager_policy_id variable. Can be obtained by running

   ```bash
   gcloud access-context-manager policies list --organization YOUR_ORGANIZATION_ID --format="value(name)"
   ```

1. For the manual step described in this document, you need [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) version 0.13.7 to be installed.

   **Note:** Make sure that you use the same version of Terraform throughout this series. Otherwise, you might experience Terraform state snapshot lock errors.

### Troubleshooting

Please refer to [troubleshooting](../docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) if you run into issues during this step.

## Usage

**Note:** If you are using MacOS, replace `cp -RT` with `cp -R` in the relevant
commands. The `-T` flag is needed for Linux, but causes problems for MacOS.

### Networking Architecture

> This step makes use of the **Dual Shared VPC** architecture mode, and more details can be found described at the **Networking** section of the [Google cloud security foundations guide](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/security-foundations/networking). To see the version that makes use the Hub and Spoke mode, check the step [3-networks-hub-and-spoke](../3-networks-hub-and-spoke).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step uses the **Hub and Spoke** architecture  mode.
More details can be found at the **Networking** section of the [Google cloud security foundations guide](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/security-foundations/networking#hub-and-spoke).
To enabled **Hub and Spoke** [transitivity](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/security-foundations/networking#hub-and-spoke_transitivity) set the variable `enable_hub_and_spoke_transitivity ` to `true`.
To see the version that makes use of the **Dual Shared VPC** architecture mode check the step [3-networks-dual-svpc](../3-networks-dual-svpc).
```

up the global DNS hub.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a>3-networks-hub-and-spoke (this file)</a></td>
<td>Sets up base and restricted shared VPCs with all the default configuration
found on step 3-networks-dual-svpc, but here the architecture will be based on the
Hub and Spoke network model. It also sets up the global DNS hub</td>
</tr>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../4-projects">4-projects</a></td>
<td>Sets up a folder structure, projects, and application infrastructure pipeline for applications,
 which are connected as service projects to the shared VPC created in the previous stage.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../5-app-infra">5-app-infra</a></td>
<td>Deploy a simple <a href="https://cloud.google.com/compute/">Compute Engine</a> instance in one of the business unit projects using the infra pipeline set up in 4-projects.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For an overview of the architecture and the parts, see the
[terraform-example-foundation README](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation).

## Purpose

The purpose of this step is to:

- Set up the global [DNS Hub](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/networking/cloud-forwarding-peering-and-zones).

> - Set up base and restricted shared VPCs with default DNS, NAT (optional), Private Service networking, VPC service controls, on-premises Dedicated or Partner Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment.

Reviewer 2: Lets update this to reflect hub and spoke model i.e base and restricted hubs and corresponding spokes.
